PATRICK HUBBELL
Data Analyst | Greater Seattle Area | (425)-551-0914 
pchubbell@yahoo.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrickhubbell/ | https://github.com/Patrick-Hubbell


SKILLS:
Languages - Python, SQL, Scala 
Environments - Jupyter Notebook, Atom, Visual Studio Code
Libraries - SciKit-Learn, Selenium, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, BeautifulSoup
Visual Libraries/Programs - Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau




PROJECTS: 
Standardized Testing, Statistical Summaries and Inference:
Explored and cleaned a data set of over 2000 house features and prices from Ames, Iowa. Using SciKit-Learn created a regression model that would predict the price of houses based on certain features. Using this was able to make recommendations to an audience of developers and house flippers to improve target features to gain more monetary value out of the house once it’s sold.      


Web Scrape with NLP from Reddit:
Using BeautifulSoup and Reddit’s Api, pulled 400 posts each from the Erotic Stories subreddit and the Literature Writing subreddit. Using the posts and SciKit Learn’s Logistic Regression was able to discern the difference between the erotic writing and all other types of writing. Taking this data from Reddit made a strong recommendation that Amazon should update restriction parameters of their parental controls, in order to stop underaged children from getting free books that contain adult content.


Skagit Valley Flooding:
The goal of the project is to give citizens in the area surrounding the skagit river between Mount Vernon and Concrete a single site source for all of their flood information to help with evacuation. Using a little BeautifulSoup to gather information and Time-Series Analysis and ARIMA modeling for predictions gained insightful knowledge to improve the lives of many people. This could even be taken and adjusted to be used almost anywhere.


One Neat Project:
This project is a Recommendation System for Whiskey. Using Selenium and BeautifulSoup gathered data from four different whiskey review sites. Using this data applied Cosine-Similarity to create a matrix of how similar one review is to another. Using this data created a function that when given a name will return closely related brands. This can be interpreted as whichever whiskey you like has a specific review and you now have a list of other whiskies that got similar scores to it.








EDUCATION:
General Assembly -  Data Science Immersive - Seattle, WA    
December 9, 2019 - March 13, 2020
12 Week immersive program that teaches and strengthens Data Science skills
480+ hours in class hands on learning
240+ hours out of class learning and project building
20+ take home Lab assignments 
5 Projects


Everett Community College - Computer Science - Everett, WA
March 2017 - September 2019
Completed most pre-work courses for gaining a computer science degree.


EXPERIENCE:


AMT Medical- Shop Technician


A company that makes bone plates and bone screws used for surgical purposes.
- Precision/Accuracy to see the minuscule flaws.
- Data manipulation to keep the material logs updated.
- Time-Management to maintain a positive workflow.